1.What is polymorphism?
2.What is runtime polymorphism and compile time polymorphism
3.Difference between session and static class
4.What is Lambda expression
what is a singleton class. write code to create singleton object  
difference between vector and arraylist, difference between hash table and hashmap.  
what is immutable object. how to make a class immutable  
what is still pooling? memory management wrt strings.  
what is database normalisation? methods of dB normalisation.  
joins in SQL. inner join, left outer join, self join  
give some examples of design patters you have used in ur project. explain  
What are annotations wrt springs? importance of it  
Collections API, Design Patterns.
algorithms for sorting the contents of array.
Which is the best Sorting technique and explain it.
What do u know about deloitte  
Tell me about urself  
write a c program to find the prime factors of a given number using the concept of probability.  
Where do you see yourself in 5 years? 
basics of ASP.NET Page Life Cycle, Web Services, WCF, SQL Server and few scenarios where I was asked to write programs as well. 2nd round was a bit tough,
 Asked about Design patterns, Security features in Web Services, Scenario to create a Shopping Cat website spanning multiple pages. MVC related questions.
Write an example on board illustrating about OOPS concepts.
What is it that you did. Why this architecture why not other. What was the methodology. Design Patterns. OOPS concept in detail. Scenarios between base class and child class.
Managerial will consist of questions like what is the complex part you implemented and how you did it

Tell me about yourself
Architecture of the project 
State management
Can viewstate value be changed in page cycle ? if yes then before which page cycle event ?
Collection and What is common between all collection types , application of collection in .net framework
CLS and CTS
Linq
Ado.net 
What is Difference between Datareader and Dataset
Connected Disconnected architecture
Execute Reader and Execute Scalar and Execute NonQuery ,Explain in detail
WCF and Contracts used in it 
Clustered and Non Clustered Index
Select Count(*) c1 , Count(*) c2 from employees returns 2 coloumns >> 100, 200 , then ExecuteScalar will retrieve which value ??
