Written Coding	
	1] Tower of Hanoi
	2] Array-based question
	3] Swapping 2 numbers without using third variable
	4] 
DS : 
	Linked list , Arrays, Trees, Stacks, Queues, Implementation of Hashmap like structure,
	String reverse, binary search, sorting, swapping.
	Find the maximum occurance of character count from string AAAAfghaaaa, if there are 2 char with same count, then print character with the smallest ASCII value. Here output is A.
	Reverse a number.
	Find duplicates in an array using min iterations.
	Doubly linked list.
	Write a program to check palindrome
	Write a program that returns the index of an array in which the sum of numbers before that index and sum of numbers after that index are equal.
DB :
	Transactions
	Delete of duplicates
	Indexing
	Performance
Project
OOPS
Designing concepts
Thread programs
MVC :
	Content negotiation in mvc

Process thread difference, which is better.
Difference b/w method overloading and overriding
Exception handling.
If your frequent operation is searching which collection class should be used? HashSet 
Page life cycle

Concurrenthashmap in C#
Countdownlatches, Cyclic Barrier
ArrayList
Shallow and deep Cloning, interface inheritance and implementation inheritance, aggregation ,composition
wait, notify and notifyall
threading, exceptions, collections
Sql query to find out second highest salary of employee  
WCF
SQL Server and the questions put forward were right from the basics, normalizaiton and T-SQL programming.
explicit implementation of interfaces, how to implement a http handler
oops,C#,collections,WCF,asp.etc
new String() - how max size of string we can pass using String constructor.
-What are the design patterns used in JSF?
-Many to Many relationship in hibernate.
-How to read a DB table which is very large number of records and insert into other same table?
-OOPS principle
-Difference between encapsulation and abstraction?
-What is cloning?
-Why we need serialization?
-When to use interface and abstract class?
-ConcurrentModificationException? How to avoid it.
-How to communicate using web service by making data securely?
-How to make a class immutable?  
-Thread sequencing
-What is hashmap and hashtable?
Print your name with recursive function
Basics and tricky questions on primitive/non-primitive data types
Web Service consuming without wsdl.
SQL joins  
Design Patterns - Singleton and Factory 
1.Design a coffee vending machine.
2. One simple map problem. (Finding unique key value pairs)
internal implementation of arraylist  
How to edit the data using the sessionid of another user.
Differences between the cache and cookie?  
WCF and LINQ

SQL and .Net
	What is the difference between Nvarchar and varchar?
	How to delete duplicate rows form a table?
	Can we update a view?
	Commit and Rollback
	Update query
	What is view?
	What is index?
	What are joins? 
	Normalization
	OOP concepts
	C# Inheritance
	Polymorphism
	What is array ?
	Algorithm used in Collections.sort() method
	
Write c program one pattern
276 C#